README.md, before:

# Local Setup

## installation

For local development use [minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube). 
Download and install it manually, or using `homebrew cask` with `brew cask install minikube` command (only macOS).

For macOS it's recommended to use lightweight VM `xhive`.
Install it with:
```sh
$ brew install docker-machine-driver-xhyve
```

## create local development K8s cluster

Create a new `minikube` cluster with sufficient resources.

```sh
$ # --cpus - 4 cores
$ # --memory - 8GB RAM
$ # --disk-size - 40GB disj
$ # --vm-driver - xhive macOS VM  
$ minikube start --cpus=4 --memory=8192 --vm-driver=xhyve --disk-size=40g
```

**Note**: wait several minutes till `minikube` download and install all components. You can check `minikube` status on K8s dashboard.

## enable `minikube` addons

List enabled addons:

```sh
$ # list all addons
$ minikube addons list
- addon-manager: enabled
- dashboard: enabled
- default-storageclass: enabled
- kube-dns: enabled
- heapster: enabled
- ingress: enabled
- registry-creds: disabled
```

Enable `heapster`, `dashboard`, `ingressּּּּ` and other usefule addons:

```sh
$ minikube addons enable ingress
$ minikube addons enable dashboard
$ minikube addons enable heapster
```

# Install Helm

```sh
$ helm init

$HELM_HOME has been configured at /Users/alexei/.helm.

Tiller (the helm server side component) has been installed into your Kubernetes Cluster.
Happy Helming!
```

show helm version:

```sh
$ helm version

Client: &version.Version{SemVer:"v2.4.2", GitCommit:"82d8e9498d96535cc6787a6a9194a76161d29b4c", GitTreeState:"clean"}
Server: &version.Version{SemVer:"v2.4.2", GitCommit:"82d8e9498d96535cc6787a6a9194a76161d29b4c", GitTreeState:"clean"}
```

# Handle Secrets

> Run `./sops.sh -d` before `helm update/install` to decrypt (locally) all secrets keys

All K8s secrets file should not be committed to Git un-encrypted. In order to properly encrypt files, we use [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) tool (by Mozilla team) with private key stored in AWS KMS service.

Use helper script `sops.sh` to encrypt and decrypt secrets files. You can also work with `sops` directly: run `sops <filename>` to decrypt, edit and encrypt any secret file.

`sops.sh` helper script

```sh
#!/bin/sh

# read input parameters
while [ $# -gt 0 ]
do
  case "$1" in
    -d) enc="d"; flag="l"; shift;;
    -e) enc="e"; flag="L"; shift;;
    -h)
        echo >&2 "usage: $0 -(e|d) [encrypt|decrypt secret files]"
        exit 1;;
     *) break;; # terminate while loop
  esac
  shift
done

# get only encrypted or non encrypted files
for f in $(find . -name "*-secrets.yaml" -exec grep -$flag "arn:aws:kms:" {} +); do 
  echo "Processing $f file"
  sops -$enc -i $f
done
```

In addition, there is a need to install `git` hook to avoid unintended commit of un-encrypted secret files into Git repository.

Put `.sopscommithook` file into `.git/hooks` directory (make sure it's executable)

```sh
#!/bin/sh

for FILE in $(git diff-index HEAD --name-only | grep <your vars dir> | grep "secrets.y"); do
    if [ -f "$FILE" ] && ! grep -C10000 "sops:" $FILE | grep -q "version:"; then
    then
        echo "!!!!! $FILE" 'File is not encrypted !!!!!'
        echo "Run: helm secrets enc <file path>"
        exit 1
    fi
done
exit

```

# Install Codefresh

```sh
$ # set RELEASE_NAME and NAMESPACE to whatever you want - namespace and Helm release will be created/updated
$ helm --debug upgrade $RELEASE_NAME codefresh --install --reset-values --namespace $NAMESPACE
```

Commit message:

do not keep REAL secrets in secret files; pass them through values; encript value files with keys

README.md, after:

# Local Setup

## installation

For local development use [minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube). 
Download and install it manually, or using `homebrew cask` with `brew cask install minikube` command (only macOS).

For macOS it's recommended to use lightweight VM `xhive`.
Install it with:
```sh
$ brew install docker-machine-driver-xhyve
```

## create local development K8s cluster

Create a new `minikube` cluster with sufficient resources.

```sh
$ # --cpus - 4 cores
$ # --memory - 8GB RAM
$ # --disk-size - 40GB disj
$ # --vm-driver - xhive macOS VM  
$ minikube start --cpus=4 --memory=8192 --vm-driver=xhyve --disk-size=40g
```

**Note**: wait several minutes till `minikube` download and install all components. You can check `minikube` status on K8s dashboard.

## enable `minikube` addons

List enabled addons:

```sh
$ # list all addons
$ minikube addons list
- addon-manager: enabled
- dashboard: enabled
- default-storageclass: enabled
- kube-dns: enabled
- heapster: enabled
- ingress: enabled
- registry-creds: disabled
```

Enable `heapster`, `dashboard`, `ingressּּּּ` and other usefule addons:

```sh
$ minikube addons enable ingress
$ minikube addons enable dashboard
$ minikube addons enable heapster
```

# Install Helm

```sh
$ helm init

$HELM_HOME has been configured at /Users/alexei/.helm.

Tiller (the helm server side component) has been installed into your Kubernetes Cluster.
Happy Helming!
```

show helm version:

```sh
$ helm version

Client: &version.Version{SemVer:"v2.4.2", GitCommit:"82d8e9498d96535cc6787a6a9194a76161d29b4c", GitTreeState:"clean"}
Server: &version.Version{SemVer:"v2.4.2", GitCommit:"82d8e9498d96535cc6787a6a9194a76161d29b4c", GitTreeState:"clean"}
```

# Handle Secrets

> Run `./sops.sh -d` before `helm update/install` to decrypt (locally) all secrets keys

Files that contain secret keys should not be submitted to Git un-encrypted. In order to properly encrypt files, we use [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) tool (by Mozilla team) with private key stored in AWS KMS service.

Use helper script `sops.sh` to encrypt and decrypt secrets files. You can also work with `sops` directly: run `sops <filename>` to decrypt, edit and encrypt any secret file.

`sops.sh` helper script

```sh
#!/bin/sh

# read input parameters
while [ $# -gt 0 ]
do
  case "$1" in
    -d) enc="d"; flag="l"; shift;;
    -e) enc="e"; flag="L"; shift;;
    -h)
        echo >&2 "usage: $0 -(e|d) [encrypt|decrypt '*-enc.yaml' files]"
        exit 1;;
     *) break;; # terminate while loop
  esac
  shift
done

# get only encrypted or non encrypted files
for f in $(find . -name "*-env.yaml" -exec grep -$flag "arn:aws:kms:" {} +); do 
  echo "Processing $f file"
  sops -$enc -i $f
done
```

In addition, there is a need to install `git` hook to avoid unintended commit of un-encrypted secret files into Git repository.

Put `.sopscommithook` file into `.git/hooks` directory (make sure it's executable)

```sh
#!/bin/sh

for FILE in $(git diff-index HEAD --name-only | grep <your vars dir> | grep "enc.yaml"); do
    if [ -f "$FILE" ] && ! grep -C10000 "sops:" $FILE | grep -q "version:"; then
    then
        echo "!!!!! $FILE" 'File is not encrypted !!!!!'
        echo "Run: helm secrets enc <file path>"
        exit 1
    fi
done
exit

```

# Install Codefresh

```sh
$ # set RELEASE_NAME and NAMESPACE to whatever you want - namespace and Helm release will be created/updated
$ helm --debug upgrade $RELEASE_NAME codefresh --install --reset-values --namespace $NAMESPACE
```
